ghoulcaller's bell
aim high
arachnoid adaptation
peerless recycling
pelakka  wurm
quakestrider ceratops
insidious fungus
imperious perfect
rise from the wreck
inspiring call
elvish regrower
llanowar elves
rust goliath
fynn, the fangbearer
reclamation sage
mold adder
wildwood rebirth
fierce empath
satyr wayfinder
pause for reflection
respite
loporrit scout
chocobo kick
chocobo racetrack
ride the shoopuf
propaganda
unsubstantiate
bounce off
unsummon
ice magic
reality shift
brainstorm
opt
mana leak
negate
ponder
ignis scientia
omega, heartless evolution
doc aurlock, grizzled genius
give // take
coiling oracle
square up
tatyova, benthic druid
trygon predator
oblivious bookworm
planar genesis
evidence examiner
prismite
ornithopter
hedron archive
wonderscape sage
mirage mirror
clement, the worrywort
adaptive automaton
chromatic lantern
ornery tumblewagg
rampant frogantua
rangers of ithilien
kitnap
voracious greatshark
harbinger of the tides
time stop
leyline of transformation
rampaging baloths
twitching doll
basilisk collar
wurmwall sweeper
the eternity elevator
deserted temple
diplomatic relations
sinister cryologist
weftwalking
broodguard elite
eumidian terrabotanist
selfcraft mechan
atomic microsizer
mechan shieldmate
illvoi operative
illvoi galeblade
codecracker hound
icecave crasher
edge rover
thawbringer
tapestry warden
fungal colossus
shattered wings
steelswarm operator
cerebral download
sol ring
mm'menon, the right hand
nanoform sentinel
all-fates scroll
pinnacle kill-ship
larval scoutlander
mightform harmonizer
starwinder
blooming stinger
drix fatemaker
eusocial engineering
extinguisher battleship
atmospheric greenhouse
meltstrider's gear
polliwallop
silent hallcreeper
primal might
gigantosaurus
primeval bounty
fear of failed tests
shipwreck dowser
memory deluge
lumra, bellow of the woods
mazemind tome
tempest djinn
gift of the viper
garruk's uprising
vizier of the menagerie
howlpack resurgence
sapphire medallion
phantasmal image
steel hellkite
refute
lightning greaves
nyxborn hydra
wildborn preserver
heroes' bane
wildwood scourge
valley floodcaller
spectral sailor
rite of replication
confiscate
gilded lotus
micromancer
dreams of laguna
dictate of kruphix
scavenging ooze
gate colossus
circuitous route
heirloom epic
echoes of eternity
marvin, murderous mimic
prime speaker zegana
sphinx of the final word
sire of seven deaths
sarksteel colossus
arcane proxy
esoteric duplicator
snapping voidcraw
wickerfolk thresher
boom box
the earth crystal
triskaidekaphile
river's rebuke
fangs of kalonia
simic growth chamber
hidden cataract
overflowing basin
vesuva
desert of the indomitable
lumbering falls
lair of the hydra
flooded grove
thornwood falls
glimmerpost
planar nexus
sunken palace
maze's end
horizon of progress
trenchpost
quandrix campus
talon gates of madara
urzas's power plant
vineglimmer snarl
temple of mystery
dreamroot cascade
basilisk gate
urza's mine
hidden nursery
lazotep quarry
thespian's stage
lush oasis
urza's tower
yavimaya coast
simic guildgate
cloudpost
dark depths
crawling barrens
strip mine
yavimaya, cradle of growth
command tower
desert of the mindful
eden, seat of the sanctum
omo, queen of vesuva
poison dart frog
replication technique
hydroid krasis
aggressive biomancy
hydra broodmaster
finale of revelation
counterspell
sink into stupor
expedition map
ramunap excavator
dryad of the ilysian grove
apex devastator
sylvan scrying
mana reflection
basalt monolith
evacuation
avenger of zendikar
double major
kodama of the east tree
curse of the swine
ulvenwald hydra
copy land
vivien reid
tatyova, benthic druid
ringing strike mastery
beast within
march from velis vel
aeve, progenitor ooze
scute swarm
pariah's shield
sage of the maze
arcane signet
fog bank
hour of promise
elvish rejuvenator
kefnet the mindful
predator ooze
acidic slime
doppelgang
floriferous vinewall
urban evolution
drown in dreams
growth spiral
harmonize
arcanis the omnipotent
arcane denial
swiftfoot boots
magus of the candelabra
nissa, steward of elements
skullwinder
terastodon
lotus cobra
eureka moment